Privacy Statement

Our business is to encrypt and secure your communications. We take this very seriously. The physical security of our servers, networks, and equipment is equally as important as data security. That is why we own, control, and when necessary, custom-build our own equipment as well as employ the strictest security measures at our facilities. The protection of your data and communications is what we do best.

This business process does require the collection of some very basic personal data such as email addresses and payment information. Payment information is shared with the payment processor for the sole purpose of completing the transaction and getting you in the Circle. This necessary personal data is stored in a secured server and only our employees with a legitimate need-to-know have access. We understand this is important to you. It is important to us as well.

Our servers generate log files that contain IP addresses. Typically we hold log files for seven days. However, as part of network maintenance, we may need to hold anonymized extracts for slightly longer. We will delete these files as soon as they are no longer required. Transparency is important. Every 6 months we will post 1) How many request from worldwide law enforcement we receive. 2) How many customers this involved. 3) What agency or organization made the request. 

Your privacy is dependent on the proper handling of your personal information. We will never sell this data or give access to unauthorized third parties. If requested, you can be assured we will delete your information completely from our records. We will update the accuracy and currency of this privacy statement as needed. We want it to reflect our goals and aspirations to help you. We also want it to accurately describe what we can and cannot do. We are a secure encrypted communications service, answering to our customers- the citizens of the world. We support your right for secure private communications, however some people will use our tools and service to do bad. We don't want that- its bad for everyone and makes our job harder.We reserve the right to cancel your service for doing bad things. 

Silent Circle subscribers are our teammates and we treat them as such. You trust us with your most protected data and deserve exceptionally high quality service in return. Your trust is a privilege that we will work to earn every day with a relentless focus on security, simplicity, and service. 

Welcome to the Circle.






